If you have the ability, take it on your head
Fuck you so fucking bad
Fuck him
Hey, stop hitting
boss
This kid seems to be the nephew of the Lin Group transaction
Why can't it be wrong?
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
Kid gun one is your uncle
So?
Hi, this is not
Ouch.
Hey, this is really a flood that washed away the Dragon King Temple.
My dad's company?
There is a sum of money that Mr. Jiang has not paid yet
We are really short of money recently.
See if you can tell Mr. Jiang.
End in advance
Why should I help you?
Are we classmates?
That's how you bully people
Then I apologize.
Can I apologize?
I don't need you to apologize.
You kneel on the ground and learn three barks for me
I'll consider asking for you
Boy, don't go too far
If you don't want to, then forget it.
Let's go hey wait
I learn
Can't I learn?
Woof woof woof too small to hear
woof woof
Xiaoya smiled, you can go away